docs: fix missing link to mdn for element link (#502)
remix-run/remix: docs/api/conventions.md

#### `HtmlLinkDescriptor`

> This is an object representation of a normal `<link {...props} />` element. [View the MDN docs for the link API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/link).

Reviewer: It's at the bottom of the MD file

```suggestion
This is an object representation of a normal `<link {...props} />` element. [View the MDN docs for the link API][link tag].
```

Author: I see! Good catch 👌
